Add docs for volume resizing and storage class overrides (#1651)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/ref-storage-persistent.adoc

Boolean value which specifies if the Persistent Volume Claim has to be deleted when the cluster is undeployed.
Default is `false`.

> WARNING: Increasing of volume size for existing {ProductName} clusters is supported only on {ProductPlatformName} versions which support persistent volume resizing and with storage classes which support volume expansion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Increasing the size of persistent volumes in an existing {ProductName} cluster is only supported in {ProductPlatformName} versions that support persistent volume resizing. The persistent volume to be resized must use a storage class that supports volume expansion. 
```

For other versions of {ProductPlatformName} and storage classes which do not support volume expansion, you must decide the necessary storage size before deploying the cluster.

> Shrinking of existing volumes is not possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Decreasing the size of existing volumes is not possible.
```

> Decreasing the size of existing volumes is not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decreasing the size of existing persistent volumes is not possible.
```

# ...
----

== Storage class overrides

> {ProductName} allows to specify different storage class for each broker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{ProductName} allows you to specify a different storage class for each broker.
```

> {ProductName} allows you to specify a different storage class for each broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a different storage class for one or more Kafka brokers, instead of using the default storage class.
```

> This is useful for example when the storage classes are restricted to different availability zones / datacenters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is useful, for example, when storage classes are restricted to different availability zones or datacenters.
```

> This is useful, for example, when storage classes are restricted to different availability zones or datacenters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful if, for example, storage classes are restricted to different availability zones or data centers.
```

You can use the `overrides` field for this purpose.

> 

Reviewer: In this example, the default storage class is named `my-storage-class`:

> .Example of {ProductName} cluster using the storage class overrides

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Example {ProductName} cluster using storage class overrides
```

[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: kafka.strimzi.io/v1beta1
kind: Kafka
metadata:
  labels:
    app: my-cluster
  name: my-cluster
  namespace: myproject
spec:
  # ...
  kafka:
    replicas: 3
    storage:
      deleteClaim: true
      size: 100Gi
      type: persistent-claim
      class: my-storage-class
      overrides:
        - broker: 0
          class: my-storage-class-zone-1a
        - broker: 1
          class: my-storage-class-zone-1b
        - broker: 2
          class: my-storage-class-zone-1c
  # ...
----

> In the example above, the default storage class is `my-storage-class`.

Reviewer 2: This sentence could introduce (go above) the example. 'In this example, the default storage class is '`my-storage-class`.

As a result of the configured `overrides` property, the broker volumes use the following storage classes:

> * Persistent volumes of broker 0 will use `my-storage-class-zone-1a`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The persistent volumes of broker 0 will use `my-storage-class-zone-1a`.
```

> * Persistent volumes of broker 1 will use `my-storage-class-zone-1b`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The persistent volumes of broker 1 will use `my-storage-class-zone-1b`.
```

> * Persistent volumes of broker 2 will use `my-storage-class-zone-1c`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The persistent volumes of broker 2 will use `my-storage-class-zone-1c`.
```

> The `overrides` property is currently used only to override the storage class configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `overrides` property is currently used only to override storage class configurations. Overriding other storage configuration fields is not currently supported.
```

> The `overrides` property can be currently used only to override the storage class configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `overrides` property is currently used only to override the storage class configuration.
```
